---
title: r 中sub() gsub()等匹配与替换函数
date: 2020-06-02 01:42:00
categories:
- 笔记
- 博客园
tags:
- 博客园
- 搬家
- cnblogs
---
# [这是👉r 中sub() gsub()等匹配与替换函数👈的摘要](../../../../2020/06/02/cnblog_13029395/)
<!--more-->
##Description grep, grepl, regexpr, gregexpr and regexec search for matches to
pattern within each element of a character vector: they differ in the format
of and amount of detail in the results. sub and gsub perform replacement of
the first and all matches respectively. ##Usage
pattern目标字符，replacement替换字符，x对象 ``` sub(pattern, replacement, x, ignore.case =
FALSE, perl = FALSE, fixed = FALSE, useBytes = FALSE)#替换第一个匹配 gsub(pattern,
replacement, x, ignore.case = FALSE, perl = FALSE, fixed = FALSE, useBytes =
FALSE)#全部替换 grep(pattern, x, ignore.case = FALSE, perl = FALSE, value = FALSE,
fixed = FALSE, useBytes = FALSE, invert = FALSE) grepl(pattern, x, ignore.case
= FALSE, perl = FALSE, fixed = FALSE, useBytes = FALSE) regexpr(pattern, text,
ignore.case = FALSE, perl = FALSE, fixed = FALSE, useBytes = FALSE)
gregexpr(pattern, text, ignore.case = FALSE, perl = FALSE, fixed = FALSE,
useBytes = FALSE) regexec(pattern, text, ignore.case = FALSE, perl = FALSE,
fixed = FALSE, useBytes = FALSE) ``` ##Arguments ###pattern character string
containing a regular expression (or character string for fixed = TRUE) to be
matched in the given character vector. Coerced by as.character to a character
string if possible. If a character vector of length 2 or more is supplied, the
first element is used with a warning. Missing values are allowed except for
regexpr, gregexpr and regexec. ###x, text a character vector where matches are
sought, or an object which can be coerced by as.character to a character
vector. Long vectors are supported. ###ignore.case if FALSE, the pattern
matching is case sensitive and if TRUE, case is ignored during
matching.表示是否忽视大小写 ###perl logical. Should Perl-compatible regexps be used
perl规则 ###value if FALSE, a vector containing the (integer) indices of the
matches determined by grep is returned, and if TRUE, a vector containing the
matching elements themselves is returned. ###fixed logical. If TRUE, pattern
is a string to be matched as is. Overrides all conflicting arguments.
###useBytes logical. If TRUE the matching is done byte-by-byte rather than
character-by-character. See ‘Details’. ###invert logical. If TRUE return
indices or values for elements that do not match. ###replacement a replacement
for matched pattern in sub and gsub. Coerced to character if possible. For
fixed = FALSE this can include backreferences "\1" to "\9" to parenthesized
subexpressions of pattern. For perl = TRUE only, it can also contain "\U" or
"\L" to convert the rest of the replacement to upper or lower case and "\E" to
end case conversion. If a character vector of length 2 or more is supplied,
the first element is used with a warning. If NA, all elements in the result
corresponding to matches will be set to NA. ##Details Arguments which should
be character strings or character vectors are coerced to character if
possible. Each of these functions operates in one of three modes: fixed =
TRUE: use exact matching. perl = TRUE: use Perl-style regular expressions.
fixed = FALSE, perl = FALSE: use POSIX 1003.2 extended regular expressions
(the default). See the help pages on regular expression for details of the
different types of regular expressions. The two *sub functions differ only in
that sub replaces only the first occurrence of a pattern whereas gsub replaces
all occurrences. If replacement contains backreferences which are not defined
in pattern the result is undefined (but most often the backreference is taken
to be ""). For regexpr, gregexpr and regexec it is an error for pattern to be
NA, otherwise NA is permitted and gives an NA match. Both grep and grepl take
missing values in x as not matching a non-missing pattern. The main effect of
useBytes = TRUE is to avoid errors/warnings about invalid inputs and spurious
matches in multibyte locales, but for regexpr it changes the interpretation of
the output. It inhibits the conversion of inputs with marked encodings, and is
forced if any input is found which is marked as "bytes" (see Encoding).
Caseless matching does not make much sense for bytes in a multibyte locale,
and you should expect it only to work for ASCII characters if useBytes = TRUE.
regexpr and gregexpr with perl = TRUE allow Python-style named captures, but
not for long vector inputs. Invalid inputs in the current locale are warned
about up to 5 times. Caseless matching with perl = TRUE for non-ASCII
characters depends on the PCRE library being compiled with ‘Unicode property
support’, which PCRE2 is by default.


