---
title: md
date: 2021-01-11 02:30:00
categories:
- 笔记
- 博客园
tags:
- 博客园
- 搬家
- cnblogs
---
# [这是👉md👈的摘要](../../../../2021/01/11/cnblog_14260951/)
<!--more-->
### Title of your report

###### Your name

###### 2021-01-11

  * [Tips for R Markdown](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#tips-for-r-markdown)
  * [Abstract](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#abstract)
  * [Background](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#background)
  * [Research Question](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#research-question)
  * [Dataset](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#dataset)
  * [Network Figure](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#network-figure)
  * [Method](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#method)
  * [Results](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#results)
  * [Discussion](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#discussion)
  * [References](file:///C:/Users/aklasim/Desktop/Rmd/#references)

#### Tips for R Markdown

  * You need to install rmarkdown package to complie an Rmd file. 
  * Please delete this “Tips for R Markdown” section when writing the report. 
  * Official guide: <https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/>
  * Another guide: <http://www.stat.cmu.edu/~cshalizi/rmarkdown/>
  * THE ULTIMATE guide: <https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/>
  * LaTex for writing equtions: <http://www.calvin.edu/~rpruim/courses/m343/F12/RStudio/LatexExamples.html>
  * **Always remember that everything can be found on Google!**

#### Abstract

Overview of your research in a single paragraph.

#### Background

Existing research, debates, theoretical contexts, summary statistics or
anything that will help you to claim that your research question and analysis
strategy are important and original.

#### Research Question

Your research question: what do you want to indentify? You can start from an
abstract statement and then introduce a verfiable research hypothesis. e.g.
Are international players in Japanese soccer league better in their
performance compared to domestic players? ~~~ One of the network metrics is
crucial at identifying their performance.~~ Hence I validate whether such
divergence does exist.

#### Dataset

Describe your dataset here. If your dataset is a network, you should give
concrete explanation about how the dataset was collected, what the nodes and
edges represent, and the number of nodes and edges.

#### Network Figure

Draw the network you have using any layout you like to. A better layout is the
one showing representative / important global charateristics ( clustering,
geographical distribution, and etc.) of your network. As shown bleow, please
provide the entire code used to generate the figure.

    
    
    require(igraph)
    #> Loading required package: igraph
    #> 
    #> Attaching package: 'igraph'
    #> The following objects are masked from 'package:stats':
    #> 
    #>     decompose, spectrum
    #> The following object is masked from 'package:base':
    #> 
    #>     union
    # plotting a simple ring graph, all default parameters, except the layout
    g <- make_ring(10)
    g$layout <- layout_in_circle
    plot(g) 

![Fig.1. Your figure
caption.](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fig.1. Your figure caption.

#### Method

Here you should give mathematical definition of the measures (e.g. modularity)
you are going to use, and verbal interpretation of what it means.

e.g. Given an undirected unweighted network A<?XML:NAMESPACE PREFIX =
"[default] http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" NS =
"http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" />A and the node characteristic vector
cc, modularity QQ is defined as:

Q=12m∑i≠j(Aij−kikj2m)δ(ci,cj)Q=12m∑i≠j(Aij−kikj2m)δ(ci,cj)

where AijAij indicates the presence of a link between nodes ii and jj, mm is
the number of edges, kiki is node ii’s degree, cici is node ii’s
characteristic label, and δ(ci,cj)δ(ci,cj) is an indicator function
satisfying:

δ(ci,cj)={0 when ci≠cj1 when ci=cj.δ(ci,cj)={0 when ci≠cj1 when ci=cj.

As a measure of homophily or assortative mixing, QQ becomes high as ~~blah~~
blah (Newman, 2018).

#### Results

Using tables, graphs or figures you should present the exact results you
obtained.

Just in case, importing image files that were not generated using R:

![Fig.2. Your figure
caption](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fig.2. Your figure caption

OR

    
    
    plot(1:10)

![Fig.3. Your figure
caption.](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fig.3. Your figure caption.

#### Discussion

Here interpret the tables, graphs or figures you showed in the **Results**
section.

What is the relevance of your findings?

e.g. According to theories in labor economics, relocation of workers to other
countries only take place when such and such conditions are fulfilled. My
finding suggests that it does hold / does not hold for the case of
international players in J-Leage. This implies blah~ blah~

#### References

  1. Newman, M. (2018). Networks. Oxford university press.

  2. Fraiberger, S. P., Sinatra, R., Resch, M., Riedl, C., & Barabási, A. L. (2018). Quantifying reputation and success in art. Science, 362(6416), 825-829.


